Question: When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all
		  your work local?

Answer: A remote repository will be extremely useful when collaborating with other
		programmers and to make sure you won't lose all your work if your computer
		decides to crash one day.


Question: Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having
		  Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

Answer: Like committing manually instead of automatically, pulling manually allows
		each pull to be meaningful, without updating more than necessary.


Question: Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would
		  you use one instead of the other?

Answer: Branches are for changes within a repository. Clones are to copy one repository
		into another either locally or between Github and the local coimputer. Forks
		are to copy repositories solely within Github. Branches are used when testing
		experimental features or fundamental changes; forks are used to keep a copied
		repository in the cloud and easily give credit to the original repository,
		and clones are used for copying repositories in other situations.


Question: What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
		  stored locally?

Answer: It aids in merging versions of the repository on GitHub and locally. Programmers
		can see exactly what changes have been made both locally and on the servers.


Question: How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier,
		  and what would be harder?

Answer: I suppose it would be possible to share files via email or some other sharing
		system (e.g. Google Drive or Dropbox), but it seems exceedingly clumsy,
		especially since they were not specialized for coders and Git / GitHub is.


Question: When would you wantt to make changes in a separate bunch rather than
		  directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?

Answer: Small changes can be made in master, while large or fundamental changes
		should be made in a separate branch. Making changes in one branch bundles
		the changes together, making them easy to track, while separating bigger
		changes out into a separate branch ensures that master always works.