Question: How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the
		  bug that was introduced?

Answer: Bugs are often introduced from accidental typos or faulty logic, so examining
		the differences between when the bug was and was not present can help programmers
		see where the bug was introduced.


Question: How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you
		  a more efficient programmer?

Answer: Having access to all the different versions you've ever made can enable
		you to debug much more efficiently and effectively.


Question: What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create
		  a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved,
		  like Google Docs does?

Answer: The con, especially for me, is that the programmer could forget	to commit
		when he should. However, the pro is that the commits will actually make
		logical sense, as opposed to automatic saving.


Question: Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving
		  multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each
		  file separately?

Answer: Programmers are very likely to need something like committing multiple files
		at once, since it's highly likely that their files are interrelated. However,
		for those using Google Docs, their files are likely not interrelated and
		they simply do not need that feature.


Question: How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history
		  of files?

Answer: The command git log shows a history of every commit the repository has seen.
		The command git diff shows the differences between two specified commits.


Question: How might using version control make you more confident to make changes
		  that could break something?

Answer: With version control, you can now be confident that you can always go back
		to an old version of your code without anything broken, so breaking things
		isn't as big of a deal now.


Question: Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using
		  Git for?

Answer: It seems incredibly useful, so everything! :)